<!--

    Copyright (c) 2019, 2020 Oracle and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved.

    This program and the accompanying materials are made available under the
    terms of the Eclipse Public License v. 2.0, which is available at
    http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-2.0.

    This Source Code may also be made available under the following Secondary
    Licenses when the conditions for such availability set forth in the
    Eclipse Public License v. 2.0 are satisfied: GNU General Public License,
    version 2 with the GNU Classpath Exception, which is available at
    https://www.gnu.org/software/classpath/license.html.

    SPDX-License-Identifier: EPL-2.0 OR GPL-2.0 WITH Classpath-exception-2.0

-->

<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
      xmlns:jsf="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf">

<section>
   <h1>JSF 2.2 HTML5 Sample</h1>
   <article>
      <p>This sample application demonstrates how HTML5 elements and attributes can be used with JSF 2.2.<br/>
         In JSF 2.2, HTML5 elements can be integrated using the <i>Passthrough Elements</i> feature.<br/>  
         New HTML5 attributes can be integrated using the <i>Passthrough Attributes</i> feature.</p>
      <h3>Passthrough Elements</h3>
      <p>This feature allows you to integrate plain HTML5 element markup into a JSF view.  This means that <br/>
         those elements will exist as components in the JSF view.  The <i>jsf</i> namespace when used with <br/>
         an element attribute indicates to the JSF runtime to produce this as a JSF component in the view.<br/>
         For example:<br/>
         &lt;output jsf:id="myoutput" name="myoutput"&gt;Example Output&lt;/output&gt;<br/><br/>
         This would also allow you to attach JSF Ajax behavior to the element markup in your pages.
      </p>
      <h3>Passthrough Attributes</h3>
      <p>HTML5 introduced new types and attributes to existing HTML elements. The <i>Passthrough Elements</i><br/>
         feature allows you to have these types and attributes rendered as standard JSF markup is rendered.<br/>
         The <i>p</i> namespace when used with the attribute tells the JSF runtime to render the attribute as is.<br/>
         For example:<br/>
         &lt;h:inputText id="name" p:placeholder="John Doe"&lt;/h:inputText&gt;
      </p>
      <h3>The Sample</h3>
      <p>The sample consists of 2 pages in addition to this one:<br/>
         <ul>
         <li>reservation.xhtml</li>
         <li>confirmation.xhtml</li>
         </ul>
         The markup on these pages illustrate both of the techniques described.<br/>
      </p>
      <p>
      <b>It is recommended that you use Chrome browser when running this sample as that has the best support<br/>
      for the HTML5 elements and attributes used here.</b>  There are a number of resources available<br/>
      (such as html5test.com) for determining broser support for HTML5.
      </p>
      
   </article>
</section>

<form jsf:id="form">
   <h:commandButton value="Continue to Sample" action="reservation"/>
</form>

</html>
